he needs is put together you can just
see this young man as you spend a lot of
time of the gym tremendous cardio
conditioning to boot see my ion also
just these guys so quick fleet-footed
young men see my ion more the high flyer
just as I say that springboard no fight
he's right into the pin for to after
Denise obviously watching some old TAS
capes
the last thing than watching after that
might be right he brings both power
agility here to the excavation does Lisa
shot the knee right into the face of
Sima ion Anthony she could see those
eyes Mikey's five up he's in the soul
talked about the power you did of
Anthony nice this young man from Long
Island who's gonna fly
[Applause]
talk about explosive moves
and both of these competitors showing
just how important this series of
matches is and match number one it's got
to be huge that early momentum on your
side oh I completely agree with you
weight loss springboard dropping to my
eye on
great opportunity as you said in that's
one you can definitely build momentum
going to get one right here at out of
the way the first one get a victory it
looks like you might be your honors win
do it another reminder tonight it's
going to be either Jeff or Karen Jarrett
who gets fired from empowered wrestling
sting makes that ruling later tonight
nice connects with ion with the kick and
quickly gets pushed off eyes forward
roll it though just a looks like a
flying on uppercut forum right into the
jaw of Zema Ion top goes to step off the
hurricanrana but it's blocked by Zema
Ion youngster from the Philippines
drop kick to the chest squashed dropkick
beautiful always top kid you better get
on him
inverted atomic drop and then ion goes
to follow up and put a noose off guard
both boots right into the face pin here
we go here's to me I don't I don't get
that at all that's a lot so Pat be glad
the three count right there he'd get
matched number one in the best of three
series but that's a little too turn the
victory get a little too big for your
britches yeah that's impressive as hell
but you got an opportunity to win the
match you don't pull the guy off this
could do it a second time
people are getting the see right here in
Technicolor with this Zima ions about
this is uh since he's just trying to set
a tone here and he's trying to send a
message and wants a beat if he's a
certain way I completely disagree with
this
the three-count the winner
[Music]
53-million pressure
right away momentum goals for Seema I am
now pissed off I watched this thing back
[Music]
to fall 15 then I've done yet
Anthony needs to get an opportunity for
revenge that's just step number one in
the best of three series it goes to SEMA
I on my butt
[Music]